Parameter: modes[0] = (1, 1) is invalid: l must be >= 2 and m must satisfy -l <= m <= l !!!
srun: error: node694: task 0: Aborted (core dumped)
srun: Terminating StepId=49980058.0
slurmstepd: error: *** STEP 49980058.0 ON node694 CANCELLED AT 2025-02-18T00:04:37 ***
srun: error: node701: task 52: Terminated
srun: error: node702: tasks 74,79,81: Terminated
srun: error: node726: tasks 96-119: Terminated
srun: error: node694: tasks 1-23: Terminated
srun: error: node732: tasks 120-143: Terminated
srun: error: node702: tasks 72-73,75-76,78,80,82-95: Terminated
srun: error: node737: tasks 144-167: Terminated
srun: error: node740: tasks 168-191: Terminated
srun: error: node699: tasks 24-47: Terminated
srun: error: node701: tasks 48-51,53-59,61,63-64,68-71: Terminated
srun: error: node702: task 77: Terminated
srun: error: node701: tasks 60,62,65-67: Terminated
srun: Force Terminated StepId=49980058.0
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
SurfaceExtraction<SurfaceGeometry>::integrate: Provided IntegrationMethod for u is not valid with
this num_points_u; reverting to trapezium rule. !!!
